# Entry 1 chosing my topic (Sports)
##### 10/23/23
## Choosing a topic 

The topic that I chose was sports, and I chose it because it is a very interesting topic to talk about, not just for me but for all of the world. and a topic like this in 2023 would, of course, have a great relationship between it and technology. It starts from using technology to watch your favorite sport to getting involved in the rules of the game. I was thinking about choosing other topics like computer software and airlines, but I decided to choose sports because I used to play and watch soccer since I was very young, and I find it a very enjoyable topic to talk about as well as researching this topic.

While resrching I found ["the relationship between sports and technology"](https://us.humankinetics.com/blogs/excerpt/pushing-the-boundaries-of-technology-in-sport#:~:text=Now%2C%20new%20technologies%20are%20giving,of%20what%20sport%20even%20means.), ["how did the relationship between sports and technology evolve over time"](https://dailyhodl.com/2021/10/20/the-relationship-between-sports-and-tech-how-did-it-evolve-over-the-years/) and ["the impact of technology on sports "](https://itsupplychain.com/effects-of-technology-on-sports/#:~:text=Technology%20has%20made%20it%20possible,schedules%20to%20improve%20players'%20abilities.), witch shows a lot of information about how did technology get involved in the rules of some sports,and how did it effect it, like the VAR in soccer and other rules. seeing all of these information about the relationship between sports and technology made the topic even more intersting to me,and made me want to learn about it more. 
## Engineering Design Process
I am now on the first step of EDP (Engineering Design Process), which is defining the problem, and the second step of EDP, which is to research the problem. A problem that could occur is when the technology that is being used in the rules of any game lags or doesn't work. It could cause a big issue in the game's score or a decision that the referee takes that is made by the machines. An example of that is when the VAR (video assistant referee) was mistaken in one of the Eurobian soccer matches between Liverpool and Tottenham [ read more ](https://www.espn.com/soccer/story/_/id/38563191/jurgen-klopp-tottenham-liverpool-replayed-var-error),which caused one of the teams to lose. The next step of EDP is to brainstorm the issue and try to come up with a solution. I am planning to keep looking up any possible solution and discussing it with some sports fans, and I have chosen the best solution I can come up with.      


## Skills
### How to google 
A skill I learned during this blog was learning how to search accurately. Since searching is one of the main parts of this blog, you should, of course, search accurately, so you can get the best answer you want. And doing that is so easy, usually the first website that you see when you search up something is the most seen website and usually it is the website that best matches your search, and scrolling down sometimes, gives me an answer that I didn't ask for.
### Comunication 
Another skill that I learned during this blog is communication. A big part of this blog was communicating/asking for help, because it helped me a lot when I asked some of the people who care about my topic, for some information on the relationship between technology and sports. This will also help me a lot in my next step in EDP, which is finding a solution to the problem, so, of course, working on your communication is very helpful if you are doing a blog like this or any other assignment.
## Sumarry 
Lastly I am supper exited to learn about the relation ship between technology and sports and trying to solve some of its proplems, because sports are one of the best things that I like to do since I was young.  

